tiproxy: update traffic replay docs (#20323)
pingcap/docs: tiproxy/tiproxy-command-line-flags.md

- `--output`: (required) specifies the directory to store traffic files.
- `--duration`: (required) specifies the duration of capture. The unit is one of `m` (minutes), `h` (hours), or `d` (days). For example, `--duration=1h` captures traffic for one hour.
- `--compress`: (optional) specifies whether to compress traffic files. `true` means compression, and the compression format is gzip. `false` means no compression. The default value is `true`.

> - `--encryption-method`: (optional) specifies the algorithm for encrypting traffic files. Only `""`, `plaintext`, and `aes256-ctr` are supported. `""` and `plaintext` indicate no encryption, and `aes256-ctr` indicates encryption using the `AES256-CTR` algorithm. When specifying encryption, you also need to configure [`encrytion-key-path`](/tiproxy/tiproxy-configuration.md#encryption-key-path). The default value is """.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--encryption-method`: (optional) specifies the algorithm for encrypting traffic files. Only `""`, `plaintext`, and `aes256-ctr` are supported. `""` and `plaintext` indicate no encryption, and `aes256-ctr` indicates encryption using the `AES256-CTR` algorithm. When specifying encryption, you also need to configure [`encrytion-key-path`](/tiproxy/tiproxy-configuration.md#encryption-key-path). The default value is `""`.
```

Options:

- `--username`: (required) specifies the database username for replay.

> - `--password`: (optional) specifies the password for the username. If not specified, the password will be entered in an interactive mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--password`: (optional) specifies the password for the username. If not specified, you need to enter the password in an interactive mode.
```

- `--input`: (required) specifies the directory containing traffic files.
- `--speed`: (optional) specifies the replay speed multiplier. The range is `[0.1, 10]`. The default value is `1`, indicating replay at the original speed.

> - `--read-only`: (optional) specifies whether to replay only read-only SQL statements. `true` means to replay only read-only SQL statements, `false` means to replay all SQL statements. The default value is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--read-only`: (optional) specifies whether to replay only read-only SQL statements. `true` means to replay only read-only SQL statements, and `false` means to replay all SQL statements. The default value is `false`.
```

#### `traffic cancel`

The `tiproxyctl traffic cancel` command is used to cancel the current capture or replay job.

#### `traffic show`

> The `tiproxyctl traffic show` command is used to display historical capture and replay jobs. It outputs an array of objects, each object represents a job. Each job has the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `tiproxyctl traffic show` command is used to display historical capture and replay jobs. It outputs an array of objects, and each object represents a job. Each job has the following fields:
```

- `type`: the job type. `capture` indicates a traffic capture job, `replay` indicates a traffic replay job
- `start_time`: the start time of the job
- `end_time`: the end time if the job has finished, otherwise it is empty
- `duration`: the duration of the traffic capture job
- `output`: the output traffic file path of the capture job
- `input`: the input traffic file path of the replay job
- `username`: the database username for traffic replay
- `speed`: the replay speed multiplier
- `progress`: the completion percentage of the job
- `status`: the current status of the job. `running` means it is running, `done` means it is completed normally, and `canceled` means the job failed

> - `err`: if the job fails, this column contains the reason for the failure, otherwise it is empty. For example, `manually stopped` means the user manually canceled the job by executing `CANCEL TRAFFIC JOBS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `error`: if the job fails, this column contains the reason for the failure, otherwise it is empty. For example, `manually stopped` means the user manually canceled the job by executing `CANCEL TRAFFIC JOBS`
```

#### `traffic cancel`

The `tiproxyctl traffic cancel` command is used to cancel the current capture or replay job.

#### `traffic show`

The `tiproxyctl traffic show` command is used to display historical capture and replay jobs. It outputs an array of objects, and each object represents a job. Each job has the following fields:

- `type`: the job type. `capture` indicates a traffic capture job, `replay` indicates a traffic replay job
- `start_time`: the start time of the job

> - `end_time`: the end time if the job has finished, otherwise it is empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `end_time`: the end time if the job has finished. Otherwise it is empty.
```

- `duration`: the duration of the traffic capture job
- `output`: the output traffic file path of the capture job
- `encryption_method`: the encryption method of the traffic file
- `compress`: whether the traffic files are compressed
- `input`: the input traffic file path of the replay job
- `username`: the database username for traffic replay
- `speed`: the replay speed multiplier
- `read_only`: whether only replays read-only statements
- `progress`: the completion percentage of the job

> - `status`: the current status of the job. `running` means it is running, `done` means it is completed normally, and `canceled` means the job failed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `status`: the current status of the job. `running` means it is running, `done` means it is completed normally, and `canceled` means the job fails.
```

> - `error`: if the job fails, this column contains the reason for the failure, otherwise it is empty. For example, `manually stopped` means the user manually canceled the job by executing `CANCEL TRAFFIC JOBS`

Reviewer: 中文是 `err` https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/pull/19548/files#diff-c6bb586b37095812968c1aa7ebbd545877c998f0e8f2c8070499452d67e0e725R220

Author: 中文已改

> - `error`: if the job fails, this column contains the reason for the failure, otherwise it is empty. For example, `manually stopped` means the user manually canceled the job by executing `CANCEL TRAFFIC JOBS`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `error`: if the job fails, this column contains the reason for the failure. Otherwise it is empty. For example, `manually stopped` means the user manually cancels the job by executing `CANCEL TRAFFIC JOBS`.
```
